# Scheduledtask

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Ref** | Pointer to **string** | The reference to the object. | [optional] 
**ApprovalStatus** | Pointer to **string** | The approval status of the task. | [optional] 
**Approver** | Pointer to **string** | The approver of the task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ApproverComment** | Pointer to **string** | The comment specified by the approver of the task. | [optional] 
**AutomaticRestart** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether there will be an automatic restart when the appliance executes the task. | [optional] 
**ChangedObjects** | Pointer to [**[]ScheduledtaskChangedObjects**](ScheduledtaskChangedObjects.md) | A list of objects that are affected by the task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DependentTasks** | Pointer to **[]string** | If this scheduled task has dependent tasks, their references will be returned in this field. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ExecuteNow** | Pointer to **bool** | If this field is set to True the specified task will be executed immediately. | [optional] 
**ExecutionDetails** | Pointer to **[]string** | Messages generated by the execution of the scheduled task after its completion. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ExecutionDetailsType** | Pointer to **string** | The type of details generated by the execution of the scheduled task after its completion. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ExecutionStatus** | Pointer to **string** | The execution status of the task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ExecutionTime** | Pointer to **int64** | The time when the appliance executed the task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**IsNetworkInsightTask** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether this is a Network Insight scheduled task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Member** | Pointer to **string** | The member where this task was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PredecessorTask** | Pointer to **string** | If this scheduled task has a predecessor task set, its reference will be returned in this field. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ReExecuteTask** | Pointer to **bool** | If set to True, if the scheduled task is a Network Insight task and it failed, a new task will be cloned from this task and re-executed. | [optional] 
**ScheduledTime** | Pointer to **int64** | The time when the task is scheduled to occur. | [optional] 
**SubmitTime** | Pointer to **int64** | The time when the task was submitted. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Submitter** | Pointer to **string** | The submitter of the task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**SubmitterComment** | Pointer to **string** | The comment specified by the submitter of the task. | [optional] 
**TaskId** | Pointer to **int64** | The task ID. | [optional] [readonly] 
**TaskType** | Pointer to **string** | The task type. | [optional] [readonly] 
**TicketNumber** | Pointer to **string** | The task ticket number. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewScheduledtask

`func NewScheduledtask() *Scheduledtask`

NewScheduledtask instantiates a new Scheduledtask object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewScheduledtaskWithDefaults

`func NewScheduledtaskWithDefaults() *Scheduledtask`

NewScheduledtaskWithDefaults instantiates a new Scheduledtask object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetRef

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetRef() string`

GetRef returns the Ref field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRefOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetRefOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRefOk returns a tuple with the Ref field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRef

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetRef(v string)`

SetRef sets Ref field to given value.

### HasRef

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasRef() bool`

HasRef returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetApprovalStatus

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetApprovalStatus() string`

GetApprovalStatus returns the ApprovalStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetApprovalStatusOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetApprovalStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetApprovalStatusOk returns a tuple with the ApprovalStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetApprovalStatus

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetApprovalStatus(v string)`

SetApprovalStatus sets ApprovalStatus field to given value.

### HasApprovalStatus

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasApprovalStatus() bool`

HasApprovalStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetApprover

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetApprover() string`

GetApprover returns the Approver field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetApproverOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetApproverOk() (*string, bool)`

GetApproverOk returns a tuple with the Approver field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetApprover

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetApprover(v string)`

SetApprover sets Approver field to given value.

### HasApprover

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasApprover() bool`

HasApprover returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetApproverComment

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetApproverComment() string`

GetApproverComment returns the ApproverComment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetApproverCommentOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetApproverCommentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetApproverCommentOk returns a tuple with the ApproverComment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetApproverComment

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetApproverComment(v string)`

SetApproverComment sets ApproverComment field to given value.

### HasApproverComment

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasApproverComment() bool`

HasApproverComment returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAutomaticRestart

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetAutomaticRestart() bool`

GetAutomaticRestart returns the AutomaticRestart field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutomaticRestartOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetAutomaticRestartOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutomaticRestartOk returns a tuple with the AutomaticRestart field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutomaticRestart

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetAutomaticRestart(v bool)`

SetAutomaticRestart sets AutomaticRestart field to given value.

### HasAutomaticRestart

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasAutomaticRestart() bool`

HasAutomaticRestart returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetChangedObjects

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetChangedObjects() []ScheduledtaskChangedObjects`

GetChangedObjects returns the ChangedObjects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetChangedObjectsOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetChangedObjectsOk() (*[]ScheduledtaskChangedObjects, bool)`

GetChangedObjectsOk returns a tuple with the ChangedObjects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetChangedObjects

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetChangedObjects(v []ScheduledtaskChangedObjects)`

SetChangedObjects sets ChangedObjects field to given value.

### HasChangedObjects

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasChangedObjects() bool`

HasChangedObjects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDependentTasks

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetDependentTasks() []string`

GetDependentTasks returns the DependentTasks field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDependentTasksOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetDependentTasksOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetDependentTasksOk returns a tuple with the DependentTasks field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDependentTasks

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetDependentTasks(v []string)`

SetDependentTasks sets DependentTasks field to given value.

### HasDependentTasks

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasDependentTasks() bool`

HasDependentTasks returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExecuteNow

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecuteNow() bool`

GetExecuteNow returns the ExecuteNow field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExecuteNowOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecuteNowOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetExecuteNowOk returns a tuple with the ExecuteNow field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExecuteNow

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetExecuteNow(v bool)`

SetExecuteNow sets ExecuteNow field to given value.

### HasExecuteNow

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasExecuteNow() bool`

HasExecuteNow returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExecutionDetails

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecutionDetails() []string`

GetExecutionDetails returns the ExecutionDetails field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExecutionDetailsOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecutionDetailsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExecutionDetailsOk returns a tuple with the ExecutionDetails field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExecutionDetails

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetExecutionDetails(v []string)`

SetExecutionDetails sets ExecutionDetails field to given value.

### HasExecutionDetails

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasExecutionDetails() bool`

HasExecutionDetails returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExecutionDetailsType

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecutionDetailsType() string`

GetExecutionDetailsType returns the ExecutionDetailsType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExecutionDetailsTypeOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecutionDetailsTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExecutionDetailsTypeOk returns a tuple with the ExecutionDetailsType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExecutionDetailsType

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetExecutionDetailsType(v string)`

SetExecutionDetailsType sets ExecutionDetailsType field to given value.

### HasExecutionDetailsType

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasExecutionDetailsType() bool`

HasExecutionDetailsType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExecutionStatus

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecutionStatus() string`

GetExecutionStatus returns the ExecutionStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExecutionStatusOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecutionStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExecutionStatusOk returns a tuple with the ExecutionStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExecutionStatus

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetExecutionStatus(v string)`

SetExecutionStatus sets ExecutionStatus field to given value.

### HasExecutionStatus

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasExecutionStatus() bool`

HasExecutionStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExecutionTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecutionTime() int64`

GetExecutionTime returns the ExecutionTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExecutionTimeOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetExecutionTimeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetExecutionTimeOk returns a tuple with the ExecutionTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExecutionTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetExecutionTime(v int64)`

SetExecutionTime sets ExecutionTime field to given value.

### HasExecutionTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasExecutionTime() bool`

HasExecutionTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsNetworkInsightTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetIsNetworkInsightTask() bool`

GetIsNetworkInsightTask returns the IsNetworkInsightTask field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsNetworkInsightTaskOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetIsNetworkInsightTaskOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsNetworkInsightTaskOk returns a tuple with the IsNetworkInsightTask field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsNetworkInsightTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetIsNetworkInsightTask(v bool)`

SetIsNetworkInsightTask sets IsNetworkInsightTask field to given value.

### HasIsNetworkInsightTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasIsNetworkInsightTask() bool`

HasIsNetworkInsightTask returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMember

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetMember() string`

GetMember returns the Member field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMemberOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetMemberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMemberOk returns a tuple with the Member field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMember

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetMember(v string)`

SetMember sets Member field to given value.

### HasMember

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasMember() bool`

HasMember returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPredecessorTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetPredecessorTask() string`

GetPredecessorTask returns the PredecessorTask field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPredecessorTaskOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetPredecessorTaskOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPredecessorTaskOk returns a tuple with the PredecessorTask field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPredecessorTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetPredecessorTask(v string)`

SetPredecessorTask sets PredecessorTask field to given value.

### HasPredecessorTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasPredecessorTask() bool`

HasPredecessorTask returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReExecuteTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetReExecuteTask() bool`

GetReExecuteTask returns the ReExecuteTask field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReExecuteTaskOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetReExecuteTaskOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetReExecuteTaskOk returns a tuple with the ReExecuteTask field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReExecuteTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetReExecuteTask(v bool)`

SetReExecuteTask sets ReExecuteTask field to given value.

### HasReExecuteTask

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasReExecuteTask() bool`

HasReExecuteTask returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScheduledTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetScheduledTime() int64`

GetScheduledTime returns the ScheduledTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScheduledTimeOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetScheduledTimeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetScheduledTimeOk returns a tuple with the ScheduledTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScheduledTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetScheduledTime(v int64)`

SetScheduledTime sets ScheduledTime field to given value.

### HasScheduledTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasScheduledTime() bool`

HasScheduledTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubmitTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetSubmitTime() int64`

GetSubmitTime returns the SubmitTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubmitTimeOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetSubmitTimeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetSubmitTimeOk returns a tuple with the SubmitTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubmitTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetSubmitTime(v int64)`

SetSubmitTime sets SubmitTime field to given value.

### HasSubmitTime

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasSubmitTime() bool`

HasSubmitTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubmitter

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetSubmitter() string`

GetSubmitter returns the Submitter field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubmitterOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetSubmitterOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSubmitterOk returns a tuple with the Submitter field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubmitter

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetSubmitter(v string)`

SetSubmitter sets Submitter field to given value.

### HasSubmitter

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasSubmitter() bool`

HasSubmitter returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubmitterComment

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetSubmitterComment() string`

GetSubmitterComment returns the SubmitterComment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubmitterCommentOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetSubmitterCommentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSubmitterCommentOk returns a tuple with the SubmitterComment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubmitterComment

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetSubmitterComment(v string)`

SetSubmitterComment sets SubmitterComment field to given value.

### HasSubmitterComment

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasSubmitterComment() bool`

HasSubmitterComment returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaskId

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetTaskId() int64`

GetTaskId returns the TaskId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaskIdOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetTaskIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetTaskIdOk returns a tuple with the TaskId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaskId

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetTaskId(v int64)`

SetTaskId sets TaskId field to given value.

### HasTaskId

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasTaskId() bool`

HasTaskId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaskType

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetTaskType() string`

GetTaskType returns the TaskType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaskTypeOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetTaskTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTaskTypeOk returns a tuple with the TaskType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaskType

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetTaskType(v string)`

SetTaskType sets TaskType field to given value.

### HasTaskType

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasTaskType() bool`

HasTaskType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTicketNumber

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetTicketNumber() string`

GetTicketNumber returns the TicketNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTicketNumberOk

`func (o *Scheduledtask) GetTicketNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTicketNumberOk returns a tuple with the TicketNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTicketNumber

`func (o *Scheduledtask) SetTicketNumber(v string)`

SetTicketNumber sets TicketNumber field to given value.

### HasTicketNumber

`func (o *Scheduledtask) HasTicketNumber() bool`

HasTicketNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


